
Software Development Life Cycle:

	Analysis -> Design -> Coding -> Testing -> Maintainance
	
Agile Methodology:

	Agile is a software development process model where development and testing activities go paralelly and collaboratively.
	
Agile Process:

	This is the process where developers and testers work together and i.e, known as Agile Team.
	
	Agile Team = Developers + Testers + Product Managers.

	Most of the time in SDLCs, documentations are avoided in Agile Process.
	Instead of documentations, we need Epic & Story in Agile.

	Epic: Large and High Level Requirement.

	Feature: We have to derived Epic into smaller pieces i.e. Called Features.

	Story: Story is the smallest requirement from where execution gets started.
	
-----------------------------------------------

Business Analyst: In waterfall or other model, BA plays an important role to understand the business requirements from end-users or stakeholders.

Product Owner: In agile process, PO is responsible fro creating Epics, Features and stories based upon the requirements given by end-users or stakeholders.

-----------------------------------------------

Roles in Agile Process:

1. Product Owner

	In agile process, PO is responsible fro creating Epics, Features and stories based upon the requirements given by end-users or stakeholders.

2. Scrum Master: 

	SM is an fascilitator for an entire Agile Development Team.
	SM is not a developer/Tester/PO/Manager.
	SM is an intermediator between developer/Tester/PO/Manager.

3. Scrum Team: 

	Developers + Testers who work for a goal to deliver the product.

-------------------------------------------------

Product Backlog: 

	This documentation is prepared by PO which contains requirements from customers.
	
Sprint Planning Meeting:

	This meeting will be joined by PO + QA + Dev.
	This meeting is decide the stories needs to achieved in different sprints.
	Note: Sprint is the iteration in which specific stories needs to complete.
	
	Story Points: Estimation given by developers and testers for a story. These story points will be decided by agile team. Theses points can be in fibonacci sequence or custom story points decided by the team.
	
	Standard Sprint Time is 2 Weeks. 
	Duration can vary upto 4 Weeks or More.
	
	
	